Interfacing refactor (#318)
SuperDARNCanada/borealis: docs/source/building_an_experiment.rst

   There are no requirements for slices interfaced in this manner.

2. **AVEPERIOD**

>    This type of interfacing allows for one slice to run its averaging period (also known as integration time or integration period), before switching to another slice's integration period. This type of interface effectively creates an interleaving scan where the scans for multiple slices are run 'at the same time', by interleaving the averaging periods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   AVEPERIOD interfacing allows for one slice to run its averaging period (also known as integration time or integration period), before switching to another slice's averaging period. This type of interface effectively creates an interleaving scan where the scans for multiple slices are run 'at the same time', by interleaving the averaging periods.
```

Reviewer: Above suggestion added capital letter reference to the interfacing type to follow the same format as subsequent types. Suggestion also fixes change mentioned in above comment.

    given max number from config.

scanbound *defaults*
    A list of seconds past the minute for averaging periods in a scan to align to. Defaults
    to None, not required. If you set this, you will want to ensure that there is a slightly 

>     larger amount of time in the scan boundaries than the integration time set for the slice. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    larger amount of time in the scan boundaries than the averaging period set for the slice. 
```

>     For example, if you want to align integration times at the 3 second marks, you may want to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For example, if you want to align averaging periods at the 3 second marks, you may want to
```

>     have a set integration time of ~2.9s to ensure that the experiment will start on time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    have a set averaging period of ~2.9s to ensure that the experiment will start on time. 
```
